feat: add page descriptions and update titleType (#340)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/data-table/code.mdx

---
title: Data table

> description: The data table component is designed in a way for additional functionality to be added on to fit your team's needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The data table component allows for the flexible display and sorting of information.
```
